[Instrumentation.Http] Skip tagging traces when running on .NET 9+ (#2314)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.Http/CHANGELOG.md

* Updated OpenTelemetry core component version(s) to `1.10.0`.
  ([#2317](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2317))

> * Starting with .NET 9, the native HttpClient sets tracing attributes.
>   The OpenTelemetry Http Instrumentation SDK will backoff to avoid overwriting these
>   attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Starting with .NET 9, HttpClient includes native trace instrumentation.
   This instrumentation library is still necessary for performing context
   propagation and the additional features it provides.
```
